<h2>"a journalist is a deadline"</h2>

[this](https://lewspears.substack.com/p/lying-for-fun-what-ive-learned-from) article made me really think. Its incredibly well written and i love this line in particular "The soon to be replaced by AI journalist who writes for any Murdoch owned outlet is someone who can literally be told to lie, instructed to divide and will respond with an obediant “sir, yes sir!”  
(because their boss would never be a woman)". It touches on some really insightful knowlesdge that is often so hard to hear and grinds against the strong notions that we see everyday. Women arnt smart, they just there to serve. Much like the journalist to a company that wants to keep churning out mindless shit (whether truthful or not). The company that doesnt care about building any sort of world other than a world where the company itself gets richer and richer.<br>
Lewis continues by stating: "In my experience, most journalists do not have a desire to research or verify.  
If they did, I wouldn’t be anywhere near as successful.  
Those that do want to fact check or investigate, are not given the time by their employers.  
To the bosses, advertisers and clicks far outweigh truth and veracity." - this feels so relevant to many industries today. Continually fuelling urgency as a way to keep people docile in their thinking. Not allowing outside thought means the company itself is safe from prying eyes, accountability and most importantly <i>change</i>. If it isnt decided by a group of men secretly behind closed doors its decided by the leader himself. Usually void of responability under the guise of "this is the way its always been", again only benefitting a small group of shareholders or percentage of people.<br>
Technology is changing that. It thives on innovation, and as such often looks for ways to hcnage and adapt (this doesnt mean the rules are different here, it just means there is usually some space in this way to explore - but the hierarchal aspects and emotional urgency may still be present and rife i want to point out). Long hours even accompanied by large pay checks dont always add up to true value that helps people in all areas (like compound happiness).